docs: update prismjs section in content routes (#1320)
analogjs/analog: apps/docs-app/docs/features/routing/content.md

};
```

> Add the `prism.css` to your global stylesheet:

Reviewer: A little more generic as this is just an example theme.

```suggestion
Import a Prism theme into to your global stylesheet:
```
